deployment/docker/Makefile: update Docker image labels to point to the correct repo and docs (#1135)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: update Docker image repo and docs labels from `VictoriaMetrics` to `VictoriaLogs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: fix VictoriaLogs Docker OCI labels `org.opencontainers.image.source` and `org.opencontainers.image.documentation`: point them to VictoriaLogs repo/docs instead of VictoriaMetrics.
```
